hello today we have a new option from
rent calendars comes in the frozen food
aisle I grabbed the chocolate satin to
in a package if you've never had the
chocolate satin pie from marie
callender's it's like a oreo type crust
and like a chocolatey moose kind of
filling with whipped cream and chocolate
shavings on the top and it's delicious
it's awesome really good you can get
this at three in the morning if your
stores open where Marie Callender's is
not I'm ready to get down on it alright
let's try it you know definitely good so
this is more of a layered pie instead of
like you're in a pie crust my dad's
birthday was like two weeks ago we got
some pies and this is one of the pies
that we got from marie callender's for
his birthday I'm really not tasting any
differences between their regular sized
pie in this mini frozen version mm-hmm
good job encounters I mean boom baby
pies you nailed it mmm it's good it was
very rich it's a very heavy chocolate
flavor I'm think it is actually Oreos on
crust but it it's like that chocolate
cookie crumble crust kind of huh it goes
below real cookie crumb crust three
counters usually makes a pretty good
stuff mm-hmm and their pies are kind of
what they're known for if you like to
mmm I'm a little over halfway and I'm
like whoo whoo I'm debating on finishing
the rest of it not because it's not
because it's not good it's almost like
it's too good each one of these pies is
380 calories I don't think that's
terrible for dessert and you could
easily split that with somebody yeah
like I don't know process champ
splitting it he had four kids you could
get one of these little packages and
tell him to split one yeah when I was
little I wouldn't need a whole one of
these to myself if i did i'd be bounce
off the walls on a scale of 1 to 30 7 27
out of 30 731 out of 37 thanks for
tuning in to the two